docs: add cookbook about params (#2786)
jina-ai/jina: .github/2.0/cookbooks/Executor.md

- `workspace` will be retrieved from either `metas` or `runtime_args`, in that order

### Handle parameters
Parameters are passed to executors via `request.parameters` with `Flow.post(..., parameters=)`. This way all the `executors` will receive 
`parameters` as an argument to their `methods`. These `parameters` can be used to pass extra information or tune the `executor` behavior for a
given request without updating the general configuration.

```python
from typing import Optional
from jina import Executor, requests, DocumentArray, Flow

class MyExecutor(Executor):
    def __init__(self, default_param: int = 1, *args, **kwargs):
        super().__init__(*args, **kwargs)
        self.default_param = default_param

    @requests
    def foo(self, docs: Optional[DocumentArray], parameters: dict, **kwargs):
        param = parameters.get('param', self.default_param)
        # param may be overriden for this specific request
        assert param == 5

with Flow().add(uses=MyExecutor) as f:
    f.post(on='/endpoint', inputs=DocumentArray([]), parameters={'param': 5})
```

> However, this can be a problem when the user wants different executors to have different values of the same parameters. 

Reviewer: "However, this can be a problem when the user wants different executors to have different parameters' values." sounds less redundant

Author: can u add suggestion?

Reviewer: The same one I commented could be  "However, this can be a problem when the user wants different executors to have different parameters' values."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this can be a problem when the user wants different executors to have different parameters' values.
```

> In that case one can specify specific parameters for the specific `executor` by adding a `dictionary` inside parameters with 

Reviewer: "In that case one can specify parameters for the particular `executor` by adding a ..." 

Too many "specify, specific" words

Author: any suggestion?

Reviewer: Yep the one I put on the comment "In that case one can specify parameters for the particular executor by adding a ..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case one can specify parameters for the particular executor by adding a `dictionary` inside parameters with
```

> the `executor` name as `key`. Jina will then take all these specific parameters and copy to the root of the parameters dictionary before 

Reviewer: "Before calling the executor `method, Jina will take all these specific parameters and copy them to the root of the parameters dictionary`." 

Still super long sentence but don't know how to restructure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before calling the executor method, Jina will take all these specific parameters and copy them to the root of the parameters dictionary
```
